{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 [3/3/2020 6:44:31 PM] Jason Hill: Hi Nick,\
\
The calculator only needs to be visible to my staff, so I don\'92t need to install in multiple places.\
\
Does you idea allow me to make changes to routs via uploading a csv and multiple options\
\
Thanks\
\
[3/3/2020 6:51:06 PM] Nicholas Sebasco: Hi Jason. Thanks for the quick response. The calculator will use a csv file as it's data source, if you want to change a rout, simply change/add it in the csv file. What are the multiple options?\
\
[3/3/2020 6:54:18 PM] Jason Hill: Thanks, I meant multiple routes, would I upload one csv per route so to have multiple routes I upload individual csv. That would be my preference, but can be flexible as long as it\'92s easy to make any changes and additions from time to time\
\
[3/3/2020 6:56:15 PM] Nicholas Sebasco: That's fine as well. The calculator will allow the user to select the csv file and the calculation will be done for that csv file.\
\
[3/3/2020 6:58:06 PM] Nicholas Sebasco: I'm feeling pretty confident about this project Jason and I'm ready to get started. When would you like this completed by? Also will all of your input csv files have the same formatting?\
\
[3/3/2020 6:58:58 PM] Jason Hill: I may be confusing the issue, I want staff to select any route and enter a meter value, and be presented with the 2 results.\
\
[3/3/2020 6:59:40 PM] Jason Hill: yes, I can make it so all csv have same format, or any format that makes it easy for you. I\'92d like to start asap\
\
[3/3/2020 7:00:50 PM] Nicholas Sebasco: Ok so all of the routes are located in the input csv file. The user of the calculator should be able to select one of the routes and then the calculation is done?\
\
[3/3/2020 7:01:24 PM] Nicholas Sebasco: Making sure all of the input files have the same format will be important for the calculator to work properly.\
\
[3/3/2020 7:03:03 PM] Jason Hill: Yes, that\'92s pretty much it, only myslef as admin needs to worry about uploading, the staff just needs to use it to show the values. I just wanted to know if each route can be uploaded via a seperate csv, or if we need to make one large csv with multiple routes and values\
\
[3/3/2020 7:05:34 PM] Nicholas Sebasco: Ok I understand the functionality now. Thank you for explaining. How big are the individual csv files?\
\
[3/3/2020 7:06:16 PM] Jason Hill: They each will go as high as 100m3 so each file will have maximum 100 lines\
\
[3/3/2020 7:07:43 PM] Nicholas Sebasco: would you mind sending me a file?\
\
[3/3/2020 7:11:12 PM] Jason Hill: There is one attached to job posting, it only goes to 35, is that ok for you to test with\
\
[3/3/2020 7:11:41 PM] Nicholas Sebasco: SOrry I overlooked that\
\
[3/3/2020 7:11:48 PM] Nicholas Sebasco: I will take a look now\
\
[3/3/2020 7:13:31 PM] Nicholas Sebasco: I think we should make a massive csv file\
\
[3/3/2020 7:13:52 PM] Nicholas Sebasco: how many individual files do you have?\
\
[3/3/2020 7:14:03 PM] Nicholas Sebasco: I have a script on my computer that will combine them\
\
[3/3/2020 7:15:53 PM] Nicholas Sebasco: Also I feel confident enough to get started. I will start tomorrow (Bangkok time) and be finished by Thursday evening if that is ok.\
\
[3/3/2020 7:17:48 PM] Jason Hill: I only have the one at moment, once set up I want to gradually add more routes, I\'92m happy for you to do project. But I cannot supply all values in advance as this will be something that grows over time.so we may need to incorporate the ability to add one route at a time ,\
\
[3/3/2020 7:19:09 PM] Nicholas Sebasco: Thats completely fine. We can set up the calculator to handle multiple csvs or I can just send you the script that will combine the csvs each time a new file is added.\
\
[3/3/2020 7:21:40 PM] Jason Hill: Multiple csv is my favoured choice.\
\
[3/3/2020 7:22:38 PM] Nicholas Sebasco: Ok thats how it will be.}